director fury I think it's time I think
you're the only superhero in the world
become part of a bigger universe just
don't know let's do a head count here
genius billionaire playboy
philanthropist is privatize world peace
the super soldier living legend who kind
of lives up to the legend a demigod a
[Music]
couple of the master assassins and a man
with breathtaking anger-management
issues and I'm a huge fan of the way you
lose control and turn into an enormous
green rage monster
Thanks it's called the Avengers
initiative that's what we call ourselves
so like a team we're not a team we're
time bombs
how about that how desperate are you
that you call on such lost creatures to
defend you you have made me very
desperate
[Music]
what you asked me to do
[Music]
we are good
[Music]
we have a fork
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we can't protect the Earth you can be
damn well sure we'll avenge it
[Music]